[Routing] Backed Enum as route parameter (#18239)
symfony/symfony-docs: routing.rst

    as the token and the format will be empty. This can be solved by replacing
    the ``.+`` requirement by ``[^.]+`` to allow any character except dots.

Backed Enum as Parameter
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

PHP 8.1 add support for Backed Enum, they can be used as route parameter and
automatically converted to their value by Symfony.

.. versionadded:: 6.3

>     Using Backed Enum as route parameter is available since Symfony 6.3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Using a `\BackedEnum` as route parameter is available since Symfony 6.3.
```
